Sun Jan 29 22:04:32 EST 2012
	ccaprice first public release -- version 0.1.0
	
Fri Mar  2 23:35:59 EST 2012
	ccaprice second public release -- version 0.1.1
	Fixed multiple header inclusion issues. C standard doesn't allow
	standard library headers to include other standard library headers.
	Rewrote brk() for FreeBSD (still desn't work for 32bit). Ported code
	to work on clang and EkoPath/PathScale C compilers.  Rewrote makefile
	to request arguments before compilation, and also select proper shell
	enviroment based on OS; e.g bash on BSD is /usr/local/bin/bash. 
	Implemented compile time constants for build date, build OS, build 
	host info (uname -a), as well as build host compiler (the compiler used
	to build ccaprice).  Rewrote test suite, fixed all broken functions 
	that failed to pass previous tests. Implemented more posix functionality; 
	specifically <strings.h>: of the following functions: bcmp, bcopy, 
	bzero, ffs, index, rindex, strcasecmp, strncasecmp.  
	Removed all standard library includes, ccaprice now implements it's 
	own, which is guarded by system headers that could ignore the rules.
	Implemented various other functionality such as offsetof(), using 
	compiler builtins (if detected) otherwise emulated using macros 
	(unsafe), remove, strrchr and strtok. Locked off all ccaprice extensions
	from inclusion into the global scope via a preprocessor macro 
	CCAPRICE_EXTENSIONS.  Various bug fixes and refactoring of existing
	code as well. Perliminary support for Windows and OSx as well, Windows
	code compiles, but doesn't run.
	

Sat Apr  7 16:20:15 EDT 2012
	ccaprice third public release -- version 0.1.2
	Fixed namespace issues with all ccaprice code.  Improved makefile, much
	nicer (detects endianess), doesn't require passing multiple arguments;
	it can now deduce this information by using standard programs.
	The entry point has been reworked for windows (windows builds still dont
	run).  Implemented a fast qsort(), and bsearch().  Improved existing
	memcpy for systems where rep movsb is not optimized by microcode.
	Rewrote malloc and calloc to use SYS_brk.  Implemented <float.h>, and
	<fenv.h> all ISO conformant.  More math stuff, acos(), and sqrt().
	Fixed bug in atoi().  Fixed udivdi3 for x86_32 (was terribly broken).
	Implemented <limits.h>  Added informative readmes, some indendation
	refactoring, and that's it.
